SRM: VictorOps change source (#3262)
harness/developer-hub: docs/service-reliability-management/monitored-service/change-source/victorops-change-source.md

---
title: VictorOps
description: Configure VictorOps change source to monitor incidents.
sidebar_position: 70
---

> # VictorOps change source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure VictorOps change source
```

You can configure VictorOps as a custom change source to monitor incidents.

> Configuring VictorOps as a change source involves the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure VictorOps as a change source, do the following:
```

1. [Add VictorOps as a custom change source in the Harness SRM monitored service and generate a webhook.](#add-victorops-as-a-change-source)
   

> [Integrate Harness webhook with VictorOps.](#integrate-harness-webhook-with-victorops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Integrate Harness webhook with VictorOps.](#integrate-harness-webhook-with-victorops)
```

## Add VictorOps as a change source

> To add VictorOps as a change source to a monitored service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add VictorOps as a change source to a monitored service, do the following:
```

1. In your Harness project, go to **Service Reliability** > **Monitored Services**.  
   A list of monitored services is displayed.

> 2. Locate the monitored service for which you want to add a custom change source, select the three vertical dots next to it, and then select **Edit service**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Locate the monitored service for which you want to add a custom change source, select **More Options** (&vellip;), and then select **Edit service**.  
```

   The Configurations page appears.

3. On the **Configurations** page, go to the **Change Sources**, and select **+ Add New Change Source**.  

4. On the Edit Change Source page, under **Select Change Source**, choose **Incident** as **Provider Type**, and then select **Custom**.

5. Enter a name for the change source. For example, VictoreOps.

6.  Select **Submit**.  

>     The custom incident change source gets added to the monitored service. A webhook URL and cURL commands are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The custom incident change source is added to the monitored service. A webhook URL and cURL commands are generated.
```

    <docimage path={require('./static/add-victorops-change-source.png')} />

## Copy webhook URL

To configure your VictorOps to send incident reports to the monitored service in Harness SRM, you'll need to obtain a webhook from the SRM monitored service.

> To copy the webhook URL from the monitored service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To copy the webhook URL from the monitored service, do the following:
```

1. From the list of monitored services, select the monitored service in which you have created the VictorOps incident change source, and go to the **Configuration** tab.  

2. On the **Configurations** page, go to the **Change Sources** tab. In the **Change Sources** section, a list of change sources that have been added to the monitored service is displayed. The list also displays webhook URLs and cURL commands next to each change source.

3. Locate the VictorOps incident change source that you want to configure with the VictorOps, and then copy the webhook URL.

## Integrate Harness webhook with VictorOps

You need to integrate the webhook you created in Harness SRM with VictorOps to start receiving the incidents alerts.

> To integrate Harness webook with VictorOps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate Harness webook with VictorOps, do the following:
```

1. Log in to VictorOps and select **Integrations** on the menu bar.

2. On the Integrations page, go to the **Outgoing Webhooks** tab.

3. Select **Add Webhook** and configure the following settings:
   

>    - **Event**: Choose **Incident-triggered** to specify when the webhook should trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Event:** Choose **Incident-triggered** to specify when the webhook should trigger.
```

Author: Retaining the current style

>    - **Method**: Select the **POST** method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Method:** Select the **POST** method.
```

>    - **Content-Type**: Set this to **application/json**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Content-Type:** Set this to **application/json**.
```

>    - **Custom-Header**: Include an X-api-Key header for authentication and security. You can create this key in your VictorOps account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Custom-Header:** Include an X-api-Key header for authentication and security. You can create this key in your VictorOps account.
```

>    - **To**: Paste the webhook URL copied during the custom change source creation in Harness SRM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **To:** Paste the webhook URL copied during the custom change source creation in Harness SRM.
```

>    - **Payload**: Define the payload structure as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Payload:** Define the payload structure as follows:
```

      ```
      {
         "user": "${{ALERT.entity_display_name}}",
         "startTime":${{STATE.INCIDENT_TIMESTAMP}},
         "endTime": ${{STATE.INCIDENT_TIMESTAMP}},
         "eventDetail": {
         "description":"${{ALERT.entity_display_name}}",
         "externalLinkToEntity": "https://portal.victorops.com/ui/my-srm/incident/78/details",
         "name": "${{ALERT.entity_display_name}}"
         }
      }

      ```

4.  Select **Save** to complete the integration setup.

### Advanced Option: Customizing Webhooks for Different Monitored Services

> If you need to trigger different webhooks depending on specific rules or want to associate different webhook URLs with each custom change source in various monitored services, you can achieve this through VictorOps Alert Rules Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to trigger different webhooks depending on specific rules or want to associate different webhook URLs with each custom change source in various monitored services, you can do this through the VictorOps Alert Rules Engine.
```
